So back in our page.svelte file,
we're gonna add a hero component.
Let's create that component.
Just do it right here
where it's being used.
And hero is gonna take a movie prop.
At the lang="ts".
And the prompt is gonna
be of type MovieDetails,
we would just like VS Code
auto-imports that for us.
Okay, so the first thing we're
gonna do is create a link for
the movie with an a element.
I'm gonna to pass in the movie id.
Then inside, we're gonna add
the backdrop image for the movie.
Now, the source of the images
when we're dealing with
the movie database needs to come
from their own image server.
And so we're gonna put that information
in our API helper module as well.
And we're gonna add a helper for
generating those URLs.
So first we'll create
export.const media_base =,
and the base URL for
these images is https://image.tmdb.
.org/t/p.
Then we can construct the URLs themselves,
By taking in a file path,
which is gonna be a string,
and a width,
which is gonna be a number, and
returning a /'w.
And then we'll take that with and
we'll add the file path.
All right, and we can now use
that helper inside our page.
I'll just import that like so.
We need to get a reference
to the backdrop image.
So first, we'll get all of
the images that belong to the movie.
That has backdrops,
logos and a poster image.
It's the backdrops and
the logo we want for our hero.
We have a whole bunch of
backdrops that we can pick from.
They have different properties,
ideally we want to get the backdrop
that doesn't have any language on it.
And if you pour over the movie
database documentation you will
eventually figure out that
the way to do that is to
find an image that doesn't have
a language associated with it.
So the way we do that is by finding
an image where
image.iso_639_1 is undefined.
And if that doesn't exist,
then we'll just grab the first one.
At this point,
it would probably be good to say that
this code is available on GitHub.
So if you're falling behind on the typing,
then you can clone the repo from
GitHub and follow along that way.
Okay, so now we have a backdrop object,
we'll get the backdrop file path,
personal width of 1280.
And hopefully, we'll be able to see that
inside our page once we've added some CSS.
First of course, we need to add
the hero component to the page.
All right, so
we can now see the Shazam backdrop.
It's a little large so
we're gonna need to shrink that down.
Add some CSS in the header component.
Give it a class of backdrop so
that we can target it.
And lastly we're gonna set
an aspect ratio on this image so
that we don't have a layout
shift when this page loads.
If you don't have the aspect ratio
specified then initially the image will
take zero height and all of the content
below it will pop down once the image
loads, and
that's not something that we want.
So we can add an inline
style of aspect dash ratio.
And that information is helpfully on
the object that we got from the API.
Just gonna copy all of this and
add another image for the logo.
We'll copy that line,
backdrop equals site logo = images,
logos, find and again,
we're gonna use the language.
But this time we're gonna try and find
an English language one because right now,
we're only concerned with
the English language.
Ultimately we'd like to add some
internationalization to this as well but
for now we're gonna default to English.
All right, it's rendering that down there.
We wanna put it inside the anchor
element on top of the backdrop.
So we're gonna use position, absolute.
Put it all the way to the left,
all the way to the top.
Give it a height of 100% and
a width of let's say 30%,
And an object fit of contain.
Okay, before this layout correctly,
we need to add some styles to
the anchor element as well.
Just gonna give that a display of flex.
Right and now,
the image is appearing correctly.
Move that over a little bit so
that it's not butting up
against the edge of the wall.
And we're gonna add a drop shadow as
well just in case the text clashes with
the background.
Something like that will
make the text stand
out against whatever
background it finds itself on.
Okay, so
our pages is starting to take shape.
We wanna add a class to this h1 so
that it's not butting up right
against the edge of the page there.
And you'll recall that in our
global stylesheet we have
this column CSS property.
I'm gonna add a class down here that
we can use anytime we have something
that we want to have that with.
I'm just gonna call it column.
It's gonna have a width of column, and
then it's gonna have a margin left
of auto and a margin right of auto.
And we're gonna use this
side property as padding.
So that it gets moved away
from the side of the screen.
Now that we've got that class,
we can add it to the h1.
We'll see that the h1 is now neatly lined
up with the logo in the navigation bar.